opening music
The sound of the gunfire is heard
The insects are also singing
The wind is blowing, it's a live grass
The color of the grass is different
The color of the face of the fallen people
The music is heard
The flag of the cross is raised
by the goldohy ofontasta
turned to white
as theWealth of ben Greek
The night eye shines straight
and goes wide
through the flowing Japaneseancing
Even the Kimokul
is proud of
essential 장
The power of
the h privileges
The
Even if you don't have a heart,
you'll have a heart attack in a year.
The heart is a stone, a cross,
and the city and its destiny.
The mother and the child are like a child.
You'll have a heart attack in a year.
The heart is a stone, a cross,